---
layout: journal
author: danny
location: oakton, va
weather: sunny, snow pack, 45 degrees

---

# 2022-01-05

## General

Another solo parent day went well. 

Getting tired of some games, like just straight up quitting a Heroes of the Storm game in the middle because there are better things to do with my time... Like check Twitter. (okay and do chores to be a good solo parent)

The garage is insulated after all, but not under the floors? So the cold air is not coming from the garage, but the in-between space between the two floors. Debating how to fix this.

Looks like the new attic insulation worked, the roof still looks good instead of melted. Which is good since it seems like it'll be a potentially more expensive winter, even if not necessarily colder.

## Activities

- Shopping at Target, bought Tron Vinyl and Samurai Champloo blu-rays.

## Vibes

- Headache, but no other symptoms.

## To Do

- Finally write out those reviews, due the 14th.

## Watching

Bomani said something to the effect of: Society will overlook a lot of things as long as you show up. It was about players who had done bad things (Big Ben & Antonio Brown, both SA allegations) but we excuse the former because Ben showed up for 18 years. Now we can also see that happening with teachers: they have the gall to protect themselves or stay home because sick.. and we are now on day 3 of criticizing them. 
Witcher S7E7
Might watch F1 2008, 2010, or 2012. 

## Deckle

Got a prototype foundation up on Glitch: https://glitch.com/~fastapi-htmx-prototype
