# Co-Ops

## The current system sucks

### [Bad CEO](https://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3953960&userid=0&perpage=40&pagenumber=2636#post519701879)

> Story time.
> The country CEO in charge when I started my previous job for a 3rd party logistics service provider was an ex-McKinsey dude. Never dealt with him directly but apparently he was a micromanager to both his children (whom he'd often insist make their homework in the company offices) and many in the company.
> Anyway, at the time this company was vulnerable as all hell since it only had 1 customer in this country and they wanted to use less warehouse space so we were about to have empty warehouse space which will just fucking kill your company real quick as you still pay rent for shit that generates no revenue. So his big brain plan was to fill the space ASAP and basically buy a contract by being cheap. I also learned later from the sales and engineering colleagues that he insisted on doing all the pricing, calculations and negotiations for this contract himself. Contract gets signed, customer moves in and the company continues losing astonishing amounts of money. Eventually this guys leaves.
> At this point I get brought in to analyze the contract, cost, pricing structure and our implemented processes for this new customer to figure out what the fuck we are doing wrong that is costing so much money and what we need to change to fix it. Half a day of analysis and half a day spent making a nice powerpoint presentation about it later and I'm sat with all of management explaining to them that the way the pricing structure was set up we had given this customer so much leeway to wildly under-deliver what they had set they would in terms of capacity usage with no financial consequences for them and all the risk for us that our company was basically contractually unable to ever make any money on the contract at all. Absolute best case scenario was barely breaking even. There was a lot of disbelief in that room lol.
> Also this was in the south of the Netherlands, aka absolutely prime fucking logistics real estate where logistics is damn near the only game in town and companies have now, some 5 years later, basically run out of land to build their warehousing and distribution centers on. Also also we signed a 10 year contract with this customer where 3 year contracts were the norm in the industry. Also also also later I met an ex-colleague at McKinsey of this dude at a conference who insisted that this guy was a real excel wizard who is "very good with numbers".
> Just a lot of hearty lols all around. Pretty much expect that this guy got money on the side to do this or something. Just casually trying to suicide a company with some 500 employees.
